Bane | The international masked criminal known as Bane has immense strength that comes from a super-steroid called Venom. Bane's raw power, coupled with his genius level intellect, makes him a considerable threat to Batman, having once succeeded in breaking Batman's back.
Catwoman | Selina Kyle is an accomplished jewel thief. Although traditionally considered a villain, she is often portrayed as an antihero. She also has an on-again, off-again romantic relationship with Batman.
Deadshot | Floyd Lawton is an excellent sniper assassin who, when wielding a gun or projectile, never misses a shot. He is often considered to be the second-greatest assassin in the DC Universe, the first being Deathstroke the Terminator.
Deathstroke | Slade Wilson is a ruthless metahuman mercenary and the world's greatest assassin, known to take on seemingly impossible jobs and the toughest targets as a personal challenge.
Firefly | Garfield Lynns is an orphan who became a pyromaniac, having developed a fireproof suit with a flamethrower to further pursue his "hobby". He invents numerous weapons that involve light to commit crimes with.
Harley Quinn | Dr. Harleen Quinzel was the Joker's psychiatrist at Arkham Asylum until she fell in love with him and subsequently reinvented herself as his madcap sidekick, Harley Quinn. She is often mistreated by the Joker, but that rarely changes how she feels about him.
Joker | The Joker is a homicidal maniac with a clown-like appearance, bent on creating havoc in Gotham City and fighting a never-ending battle against Batman. His arsenal of weapons includes razor-sharp playing cards, acid-squirting flowers, and fatal laughing gas. He is Batman's archenemy, as well as the most famous and recurring villain.
Penguin | Oswald Chesterfield Cobblepot is a devious, short-statured, penguin-themed crime boss who is seldom seen without at least one of his trick umbrellas. The Penguin uses his nightclub, the Iceberg Lounge, as a front for his criminal activities. He is one of Batman's few adversaries who is sane and in full control of his actions.
Poison Ivy | Pamela Lillian Isley, a former student of advanced botanical biochemistry, employs plants of all varieties and their derivatives in her crimes. She has the ability to control all plant life and can create new henchmen with her mutated seeds. She is immune to all plant-based poisons.
Riddler | Edward Nashton, a.k.a. Edward Nigma ("E. Nigma"), is a criminal mastermind who has a compulsion to challenge Batman by leaving clues to his crimes in the form of riddles, puzzles, and word-games. Nigma's intelligence rivals that of Batman. Nigma often carries a question mark-tipped cane around with him, as well as many other trick puzzle gimmicks.
Scarecrow | Professor Jonathan Crane was an outcast in childhood due to constant bullying, until he grew up to face his fears as a psychologist and biochemist in the specialization of fear. Kicked out of a university for his unorthodox teaching methods, he now dresses symbolically as a scarecrow, and employs a toxin that causes its victims to hallucinate the presence of what they most fear.
Two-Face | Harvey Dent was a district attorney until half of his face was disfigured after being assaulted by mob boss Sal Maroni. Having developed dissociative identity disorder, Harvey Dent is obsessed with the number two and the concept of duality and must make most of his decisions with the flip of his signature coin: one side clean, the other side scarred. As Two-Face, Harvey Dent commits crimes that are themed around the number two and the concept of duality.
Victor Zsasz | Victor Zsasz is a serial killer whose modus operandi involves slitting the throats of his victims, then arranging the bodies in lifelike poses, such as a family watching TV or several people playing poker. He cuts a tally mark onto his own body for each of his victims.